Minor improvements to general settings (#17)
openSUSE/suse-vscode-doc: README.md

## General information

VSCode stores its configuration in JSON files. Depending on the scope your
settings apply to, you can store the configuration either in your user directory
or in your workspace, the current project you work.

User configuration files apply settings to all project that you open in VScode.
They are stored in one of the following directories:

* `~/.config/Code/User/` (VSCode)
* `~/.config/VSCodium/User/` (VSCodium)

> Workspace configuration files apply settings to the current workspace
> (directory) only and have precedence over user settings. They are stored in the
> `.vscode` subdirectory of the project.

Reviewer: I have some suggestions:

* Technically, it's probably correct if you write about "Workspace configuration files". However, from a user's perspective, it doesn't really matter. What's important here is that workspace project configs take precedence over user config. That's all what they need IMHO.
* What's "They" in the second sentence?
* The parenthesis with directory is a bit distracting and confusing for my taste. I'd like to avoid it.

If I take all into account, I'd suggest:

```suggestion
Settings in the current project's workspace take precedence over user settings.
The project's workspace settings are stored in the `.vscode` subdirectory.
```

You can find my collection of configuration files for VSCode at
https://github.com/openSUSE/suse-vscode-doc -- feel free to add you suggestions
via GitHub Pull Requests or Issues.

## XML support

Install the XML extension by RedHat. The exention ID is
[`redhat.vscode-xml`](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-xml).

### Support for GeekoDoc's RELAX NG schema

To let VSCode be aware of GeekoDoc, you need to associate XML files with the

> GeekoDoc schema. Add the following to `settings.json`:

Reviewer: It could be helpful (although probably not necessary) to mention where this file should be stored.

```suggestion
GeekoDoc schema. Add the following to `settings.json` and save the file in your
user directory or the project's workspace:
```
